To: nvsdev
Subject: Emacs documentation tools release
BCC: dewey
--text follows this line--
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----


			       Contents
Major New Features:
Major Bug Fixes:
To Do List:
Know Bugs:
Availability:
Manual Corrections and Additions:
Plans for Next Release:



This email announces the release of the NVS emacs lisp documentation
package, version 1.5.

This adds significantly to the functionality of the last relase, as
well as fixing several bugs.

Major New Features:

	Ability to redocument a function.  If you put the point
between the function and its documentation header, and call
document-c-function, comments in all the fields should be preserved.
Argument comments are based on name, so type can change.

	This version does not put modification author, modification
date, or update count in the header, so Version Control merging
collisions should not occurr there.  The table of contents may still
cause a collision for major changes, but any collisions there can
simply be deleted, as the table of contents is automatically
maintained. 

Major Bug Fixes:

	Bug in argument parsing which prevented putting return types
on a separate line has been fixed.

To Do List:

	Extraction and completion checking tools.  If anyone has any
features they'd like to see, now is the time.  For example Steve[0]
mentioned that he would like a tool to point out fields that have not
yet been filled in.  Dave is prepairing requirements for an output
format to interface with his MS-Word command reference macros.

	The manual has not been updated, but very little has changed.
See the section on Manual Corrections and Additions in this document
for changes.

Know Bugs:

	Keith has reported a bug where the system does not correctly
handle c++ constructors (which have no return type).  I cannot repeat
this bug.  If anyone runs accross code where this bug is repeatable,
please send it to me.

	Redocumentation does not work in c++-mode (more correctly,
with c++ style comments.)  This bug is best fixed by an archetecture
change, so that's what I'm doing.  I expect this to be fixed
tommorrow. 

Availability:

	The library is available on athena in
/mit/dewey/NVS/elisp.tgz.  Installation instructions accompany the
archive. 

Manual Corrections and Additions:

	document-c-function now takes an optional prefix argument.
Its default behavior is to delete the old documentation header.  If
given a prefix argument, it does not delete the old documentation
header. 

Plans for Next Release:

	The next release will fix the problems with redocumentation in
c++.  Look for it soon.  If you're working in c++ now, you may not
want to install this version.

	The next major release will be made mainly to provide
documentation extraction tools.  That should be part of this release
(and be release 2.0) but it was felt that this release should be
released as soon as possible. 

	Given that the current library is very easy to extend, please
submit your requests or ideas for emacs tools, as well as extraction
tools. 
	

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: 2.6.2

iQCVAwUBL9S0p/iDG1rQ3/lBAQHk9AQAi8XdLubRGFN/3+L8WMwhoB50LfJwEsVr
7mySN95X490nyl6k0hNVJzN6LC748Ew/UeZZfWqhuei0DKcSeEC3EKa2jyjVfasL
YFesXkoORhvfQx4RX4YhfoUOV9B9jwENuuEgXPCBVTjyNfjvjWcH4F43M/hDIXpC
LcE55CqwlH8=
=TGQD
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
